README.md, before:

**[NeutronBench](https://github.com/iDC-NEU/NeutronBench)** is a `GNN system evaluation framework` built on [NeutronStar](https://github.com/iDC-NEU/NeutronStarLite). 



## 🔧 Install

> Dependencies

- **cmake** (>=3.14.2).
- **mpich** (>=3.3.3) for inter-process communication.
- **libnuma** for NUMA-aware memory allocation.
- **cub** for GPU-based graph propagation.
- **libtorch** version > 1.7 with gpu support for nn computation.



> Building 

First clone the repository and initialize the submodule:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/iDC-NEU/NeutronBench.git
cd NeutronBench
git submodule update --init --recursive

# or just use one command
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/iDC-NEU/NeutronBench.git
```



To build:

```shell
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make -j 10
```


To run:


```bash
# This is an example (you need to prepare a data, refer to the dataset section below).
./run_nts.sh 1 ./cfgs/gcn_sample_demo.cfg 
```


## 📁 Datasets

All datasets we used:

| Datasets  | Nodes   | Edges   | #F   | #L   | #hidden |
| --------- | ------- | ------- | ---- | ---- | ------- |
| Reddit  | 232.96K | 114.85M | 602 | 41 | 128  |
| OGB-Arxiv  | 169.34K | 2.48M | 128 | 40 | 128  |
| OGB-Products  | 2.45M | 126.17M | 100 | 47 | 128  |
| OGB-Papers  | 111.06M | 1.6B | 128 | 172 | 128 |
| Amazon  | 1.57M | 264,34M | 200 | 107 | 128  |
| LiveJournal  | 4.85M | 90.55M | 600 | 60 | 128 |
| Lj-large  | 7.49M | 232.1M | 600 | 60 | 128 |
| Lj-links  | 5.2M | 205.25M | 600 | 60 |128 |
| Enwiki-links  | 13.59M | 1.37B | 600 | 60 | 128 |



we provide a python script to generate the data files:

```bash
# craete a python enviroments
conda create -n neutronbench python=3.9 -y
conda activate neutronbench

# instll python dependencies
pip install -r ./data/requirements.txt

# process the dataset
python ./data/generate_nts_dataset.py --dataset ogbn-arxiv
```



## 🚀 Experiments

> Data partitioning experiments

```bash
# partitioning
python ./exp/exp-partition/exp-partition.py
```



> Batch preparation experiments

```bash
# batch size
python ./exp/exp-batch-size/exp-batch-size.py

# sample rate
python ./exp/exp-sample-rate/sample-rate.py
```



> Data Transferring experiments

```bash
# data partitioning
python ./exp/exp-partition/exp-partition.py

# batch size
python ./exp/exp-batch-size/exp-batch-size.py

# different optimization
python ./exp/exp-diff-optim/exp-diff-optim.py

# hybrid transfer
python ./exp/exp-hybrid-trans/exp-hybrid-trans.py

# pipeline
python ./exp/exp-diff-optim/exp-diff-pipe.py

# gpu cache 
python ./exp/exp-gpu-cache/exp-gpu-cache.py
```

## 📬 Contact

For any questions or feedback, feel free to contract [Hao Yuan](mailto:arrangeman@163.com) or create an issue in this repository.

Commit message:

add dataset links and reference

README.md, after:

**[NeutronBench](https://github.com/iDC-NEU/NeutronBench)** is a `GNN system evaluation framework` built on [NeutronStar](https://github.com/iDC-NEU/NeutronStarLite). 



## 🔧 Install

> Dependencies

- **cmake** (>=3.14.2).
- **mpich** (>=3.3.3) for inter-process communication.
- **libnuma** for NUMA-aware memory allocation.
- **cub** for GPU-based graph propagation.
- **libtorch** version > 1.7 with gpu support for nn computation.



> Building 

First clone the repository and initialize the submodule:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/iDC-NEU/NeutronBench.git
cd NeutronBench
git submodule update --init --recursive

# or just use one command
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/iDC-NEU/NeutronBench.git
```



To build:

```shell
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
make -j 10
```


To run:


```bash
# This is an example (you need to prepare a data, refer to the dataset section below).
./run_nts.sh 1 ./cfgs/gcn_sample_demo.cfg 
```


## 📁 Datasets

All datasets we used:

| Datasets  | Nodes   | Edges   | #F   | #L   | #hidden |
| --------- | ------- | ------- | ---- | ---- | ------- |
| Reddit  | 232.96K | 114.85M | 602 | 41 | 128  |
| OGB-Arxiv  | 169.34K | 2.48M | 128 | 40 | 128  |
| OGB-Products  | 2.45M | 126.17M | 100 | 47 | 128  |
| OGB-Papers  | 111.06M | 1.6B | 128 | 172 | 128 |
| Amazon  | 1.57M | 264,34M | 200 | 107 | 128  |
| LiveJournal  | 4.85M | 90.55M | 600 | 60 | 128 |
| Lj-large  | 7.49M | 232.1M | 600 | 60 | 128 |
| Lj-links  | 5.2M | 205.25M | 600 | 60 |128 |
| Enwiki-links  | 13.59M | 1.37B | 600 | 60 | 128 |



we provide a python script to generate the data files:

```bash
# craete a python enviroments
conda create -n neutronbench python=3.9 -y
conda activate neutronbench

# instll python dependencies
pip install -r ./data/requirements.txt

# process the dataset
python ./data/generate_nts_dataset.py --dataset ogbn-arxiv
```




For graph datasets that lack ground-truth attributes, we randomly generate features and labels, and split the data into training (65%), validation (25%), and testing (10%) sets. 

We provide [Google Drive link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1rkvInbkz3vGFiqS64xDc8Nt7uEmhNqIi) for downloading the `Amazon`, `LiveJournal`, `Lj-large`, `Lj-links`, and `Enwiki-links` datasets.






## 🚀 Experiments

> Data partitioning experiments

```bash
# partitioning
python ./exp/exp-partition/exp-partition.py
```



> Batch preparation experiments

```bash
# batch size
python ./exp/exp-batch-size/exp-batch-size.py

# sample rate
python ./exp/exp-sample-rate/sample-rate.py
```



> Data Transferring experiments

```bash
# data partitioning
python ./exp/exp-partition/exp-partition.py

# batch size
python ./exp/exp-batch-size/exp-batch-size.py

# different optimization
python ./exp/exp-diff-optim/exp-diff-optim.py

# hybrid transfer
python ./exp/exp-hybrid-trans/exp-hybrid-trans.py

# pipeline
python ./exp/exp-diff-optim/exp-diff-pipe.py

# gpu cache 
python ./exp/exp-gpu-cache/exp-gpu-cache.py
```


## 📜Reference

If you find NeutronBench useful or relevant to your research, please cite our [paper](https://www.vldb.org/pvldb/vol17/p1241-yuan.pdf) as below:


```bibtex
@article{yuan2024comprehensive,
  author       = {Hao Yuan and Yajiong Liu and Yanfeng Zhang and Xin Ai and Qiange Wang and Chaoyi Chen and Yu Gu and Ge Yu},
  title        = {Comprehensive Evaluation of GNN Training Systems: A Data Management Perspective},
  journal      = {Proc. VLDB Endow.},
  volume       = {17},
  number       = {6},
  pages        = {1241--1254},
  year         = {2024},
  url          = {https://www.vldb.org/pvldb/vol17/p1241-yuan.pdf},
}
```


## 📬 Contact

For any questions or feedback, feel free to contract [Hao Yuan](mailto:arrangeman@163.com) or create an issue in this repository.
